Add ADR summarising decisions around course option validity (#1992)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-postgraduate-teacher-training: adr/0013-course-option-validity.md

# 13. Course Option Validity

Date: 2020-05-01

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> We define a course option as a specific combination of (course, study mode, site). A course has several sites, and each site may offer the course in FT or PT modes. Every course option we create for a course covers one of the combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define a course option as a specific combination of (course, study mode, site). A course has several sites, and each site may offer the course in full time or part time modes. Every course option we create for a course covers one of the combinations.
```
